.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tutf8 outwiker.1
.\"
.TH outwiker 1 "May 2014" "Version 1.8.0" "OutWiker"
.SH NAME 
.B outwiker 
\- program to store notes in a tree.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B outwiker [-h] [-v] [-r] [
.I Path
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B outwiker
OutWiker is designed to store notes in a tree. Such programs are called "outliner", personal wiki, or tree-like editors. OutWiker's main difference from the other similar programs is keeping the tree of notes in the form of directories on disk, and encouraging changing the base by external sources and programs.
.PP
Also any number of files can be attached to the page. OutWiker can contain pages of different types, currently supports three types of pages: plain text, HTML pages and wiki pages, but the number of types of pages will increase in future.
.PP
Program page: 
.B http://jenyay.net/Outwiker/English

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
.I Path
Path to the folder with a tree notes (or to file __page.opt). If no 
.B Path
is specified, the program behaves according to the settings and opens a blank window or open the last tree with notes.
.TP 
.B -h --help
Print help for command line
.TP 
.B -v --version
Print version
.TP 
.B -r --readonly
Open notes tree as "read-only"

.SH AUTHOR
Eugeniy Ilin (aka Jenyay). 
.B <jenyay.ilin@gmail.com>

.SH LICENSE
GNU GPL 3

.SH THANKS
The program uses some sets of free icons taken from sites
.B http://famfamfam.com
,
.B http://yusukekamiyamane.com
and
.B http://fatcow.com
Many thanks to the authors of those sites. 
.SS Personal Thanks
Nabrodov Alexey (
.B http://averr.in/
) for the program icon.
.br
Gorbonov Anatoly for the new program icon.
.br
Cheshkov Iliya (
.B http://ilyuxaif.livejournal.com
) for english help correction.
.br
Yuriy aka Cuprum (
.B http://cuprum.name/
) for the icons of browsers and operating systems and "dark" style.
.br
linda_kaioh (
.B http://linda-kaioh.livejournal.com/
) for the program testing and "green" style.
.br
Vitaliy Yakovchuk, Dmytro Vasylchenko and VadymDerckach for the ukrainian translation.
.br
Matteo Migliaccio (
.B https://plus.google.com/+MatteoMigliaccio/posts
) for the italian translation.
.br
tehTen with Jabber
.B <1010@xmpp.ru>
for "greyness" style.
.br
Alex for "AVC" style.
.br
Gabrielle Ramires (
.B <gabrielleramires.iv@gmail.com>
) for "Gabrielle" style.
